Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: What about an empty string? Is it a valid palindrome?
A: For the purpose of this problem, we define empty string as valid palindrome 
Question:
Given an input string s, reverse the string word by word.
For example, given s = "the sky is blue", return "blue is sky the".
Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: What constitutes a word?
A: A sequence of non-space characters constitutes a word.
Q: Do tab or newline characters count as space characters ?
A: Assume the input does not contain any tabs or newline characters.
Q: Could the input string contain leading or trailing spaces?
A: Yes. However, your reversed string should not contain leading or trailing spaces.
Q: How about multiple spaces between two words?
A: Reduce them to a single space in the reversed string. 

Question:
Reverse digits of an integer. For example: x = 123, return 321.
Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: What about negative integers?
A: For input x = –123, you should return –321.
Q: What if the integer’s last digit is 0? For example, x = 10, 100, …
A: Ignore the leading 0 digits of the reversed integer. 10 and 100 are both reversed
as 1.
Q: What if the reversed integer overflows? For example, input x = 1000000003.
A: In this case, your function should return 0.
Question:
Given a number represented as an array of digits, plus one to the number.
Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: Could the number be negative?
A: No. Assume it is a non-negative number.
Q: How are the digits ordered in the list? For example, is the number 12 represented
by [1,2] or
[2,1]?
A: The digits are stored such that the most significant digit is at the head of the list.
Q: Could the number contain leading zeros, such as [0,0,1]?
A: No.
Question:
Determine whether an integer is a palindrome. Do this without extra space.
Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: Does a negative integer such as –1 qualify as a palindrome?
A: For the purpose of discussion here, we define negative integers as nonpalindrome.
Given a linked list, swap every two adjacent nodes and return its head.
For example,
Given 1 „³ 2 „³ 3 „³ 4, you should return the list as 2 „³ 1 „³ 4 „³ 3.
Your algorithm should use only constant space. You may not modify the values in
the
list, only nodes itself can be changed.
Example Questions Candidate Might Ask:
Q: What if the number of nodes in the linked list has only odd number of nodes?
A: The last node should not be swapped. 
